---
title: "'The State of Thing' is Out Now"
date: "2020-01-02"
---

Pacific Oceans' first single ‘The State of Things’ has been released today.
Nu-Disco beats and intense layers of 80s-like synths make up this breakup song.
A reflection of all the contradictory feelings before someone says, “It's better
to stop!”. It is a captivating song to lose yourself to while dancing or to feel
the freedom of the highway on a night drive.

The song has influences from 80s electronica and contemporary artists like
Jessie Ware or Roísín Murphy, but also from a wide variety of artists including
genres like Soul, R&B, and Latin American Electro-Pop.

Pacific Oceans came to life in 2020 as an unexpected result of a karaoke night.
While singing Dreams by Fleetwood Mac, everything started taking form. After
that, it felt natural to start talking about forming a band, and in a few weeks
Pacific Oceans was born.

Coming from California with Jamaican heritage, Mikella has always had a strong
connection to music. Depending on the words and sounds to give her a sense of
understanding behind her emotions, music has had a consistent influence on who
she is and how she sees the world.

Anibal is a music producer and piano player, he has been making music from a
young age, first just imitating his father's punk band and improvising on the
piano, and later playing different instruments in a variety of bands. In his
words, “Discovering the simplicity and emotional power of pop and dance music
gave me a lot of freedom, and now I want to make the music that I enjoy and that
I feel genuine doing.”

‘The State of Things’ marks their first step into the British music scene since
they began recording and producing music in late 2020.

You can contact Pacific Oceans at hello@pacificoceans.uk for interviews, guest
list, and further information. You can also find them on Instagram.
